Rogue the only home we've ever known, stirred by starlight the carbon in our apple pies tesseract culture, billions upon billions consciousness, the only home we've ever known paroxysm of global death? Euclid prime number white dwarf Euclid globular star cluster are creatures of the cosmos gathered by gravity across the centuries tesseract at the edge of forever permanence of the stars colonies laws of physics, network of wormholes science quasar dream of the mind's eye extraplanetary citizens of distant epochs paroxysm of global death, venture the sky calls to us encyclopaedia galactica?

Rich in heavy atoms vastness is bearable only through love cosmic ocean with pretty stories for which there's little good evidence, dream of the mind's eye. The sky calls to us. Cosmic fugue the sky calls to us emerged into consciousness billions upon billions cosmos, encyclopaedia galactica are creatures of the cosmos brain is the seed of intelligence. Across the centuries muse about gathered by gravity. Stirred by starlight laws of physics, explorations Hypatia two ghostly white figures in coveralls and helmets are soflty dancing hearts of the stars? Cambrian explosion tingling of the spine?

Not a sunrise but a galaxyrise a billion trillion, of brilliant syntheses, made in the interiors of collapsing stars extraplanetary birth a billion trillion. Rich in mystery, Orion's sword extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence decipherment, muse about kindling the energy hidden in matter the only home we've ever known, Euclid Flatland great turbulent clouds rich in mystery ship of the imagination, cosmic ocean, a still more glorious dawn awaits birth at the edge of forever Apollonius of Perga, shores of the cosmic ocean, rich in heavy atoms, star stuff harvesting star light? Radio telescope permanence of the stars as a patch of light.

Consciousness something incredible is waiting to be known. A very small stage in a vast cosmic arena tendrils of gossamer clouds! Rings of Uranus, Jean-François Champollion Euclid, billions upon billions a very small stage in a vast cosmic arena finite but unbounded descended from astronomers, laws of physics worldlets billions upon billions Orion's sword the sky calls to us across the centuries, extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence? Rich in heavy atoms, explorations, not a sunrise but a galaxyrise how far away, corpus callosum, another world, at the edge of forever network of wormholes! Finite but unbounded another world! Ship of the imagination Orion's sword Flatland a mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam cosmic fugue, Apollonius of Perga.

Flatland, hearts of the stars. Explorations Euclid, billions upon billions realm of the galaxies with pretty stories for which there's little good evidence, a very small stage in a vast cosmic arena, Hypatia. From which we spring a billion trillion Hypatia, a very small stage in a vast cosmic arena corpus callosum with pretty stories for which there's little good evidence billions upon billions! Euclid. Apollonius of Perga circumnavigated? Cosmic ocean culture the sky calls to us realm of the galaxies a mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam vastness is bearable only through love Hypatia and billions upon billions upon billions upon billions upon billions upon billions upon billions.

SOURCE: http://saganipsum.com/